Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.
add dirty scripts from the dark side of the universe
Added a banner to the default admin page.
Added more bugs for job security.
And a commit that I don't know the reason of...
And if thou'rt unwilling, then force I'll employ
And if you ask me how I'm feeling
Argh! About to give up :(
Become a programmer, they said. It'll be fun, they said.
Behold, the spaghetti king.
Changed 'false' to 'true'. Let's see what happens.
clarify further the brokenness of C++. why the fuck are we using C++?
Closing my eyes and pushing to main.
Code was clean until manager requested to fuck it up
Compiler said no, so I said yes.
copy and paste is not a design pattern
Copy-paste to fix previous copy-paste
Crap. Tonight is raid night and I am already late.
Definitely fixing a mistake Copilot made. Totally not mine.
Deleted 1,000 lines of code. It still works. I’m going home.
Deleting code until the errors stop.
Does anyone read this? I'll be at the coffee shop accross the street.
Don't ask how this works. I don't know either.
Don't Ask Me, I Have No Idea Why This Works Either
Don't worry, I tested this on my machine and it worked once.
Don’t even try to refactor it.
Don’t mess with Voodoo
download half the damn internet to parse a pdf
Either Hot Shit or Total Bollocks
Everything looks fine.
Fix all errors, all errors on the WORLD!!!!
Fixed a bug. Introduced several more for balance.
fixed conflicts (LOL merge -s ours; push -f)
Fixed the bug by deleting the feature.
Fixed the bug. I think. Probably. Maybe not.
fixed the israeli-palestinian conflict
Fixed the thing that broke the other thing.
Fixed. Don’t ask.
For real, this time.
Friday 5pm
Future me is going to hate this.
Future self, please forgive me and don't hit me with the baseball bat again!
Git wants me to commit, I want to sleep. Take me sweet void.
Give me a break, it's 2am. But it works now.
Glue. Match sticks. Paper. Build script!
Hiding API key hahaha
How is the target directory over 100 gigs?
I already said I was sorry
I am not a programmer. I am a professional copy-paster.
I am sorry
I am the algorithm.
I am the greatest javascript developer in the world.
I cannot believe that it took this long to write a test for this.
I didn't write this; the Universe did.
I don't get paid enough for this shit.
I don't give a damn 'bout my reputation
I don't know what the hell I was thinking.
I don't know what these changes are supposed to accomplish but somebody told me to make them.
I don't know why. Just move on.
I don’t know why this works, and at this point, I’m too afraid to ask.
I hate this fucking language.
I have no idea what Copilot was doing there.
I have no idea what I'm doing.
I have no memory of writing this.
i hid an easter egg in the code. can you find it?
I immediately regret this commit.
I just evaluated random code in my console
I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling
I know what I am doing. Trust me.
I know, I know, this is not how I’m supposed to do it, but I can't think of something better.
I let a LLM write this commit. Blame the tokens.
I must have been drunk.
I regret nothing. Actually, I regret this.
I think this is what they meant.
I transformed a bug into a feature. Once you learn how, you'll never forget it
I was told to leave it alone, but I have this thing called OCD, you see
I'll fix this in the next life.
I'm sure this won't explode.
I've automated my own job. This commit is my digital ghost.
If it doesn’t work, I was never here.
If it works, don’t read it.
If this breaks, it's not my fault. It's the compiler.
If this fails, blame past me.
If this works, it's a miracle.
If you're reading this, the 'git revert' button is your only friend.
Increased performance by decreasing correctness.
It compiled. My job here is done.
It Compiles! 50 Points For Gryffindor.
It only compiles every 2.5 tries... good luck.
It works on my computer
It works. Don't touch.
It works. Why? No.
It'd be nice if type errors caused the compiler to issue a type error
It's possible! you can turn a 50-line code chunk into just 3 lines. Here's how
It’s not a bug, it’s an artistic choice.
It’s not a bug, it’s an undocumented feature.
I’m just clicking buttons at this point.
I’m not responsible for this commit.
Just committing so I can go home
Just shaking the jar and seeing what crawls out.
just shoot me
Last time I said it works? I was kidding
Logic is for people who don't have faith.
magic, have no clue but it works
Make Sure You Are Square With Your God Before Trying To Merge This
May God have mercy on the person who reviews this.
Moved something to somewhere... goodnight...
Moved the bug to a different file. Problem solved.
My bad
My boss forced me to build this feature... Pure shit.
Never Run This Commit As Root
Next time someone asks you how to fix an infinite loop, remember this commit
No time to commit.. My people need me!
Nobody had ever created a function like this one before.
Not one conflict, today was a good day.
Not sure why
Nothing to see here, move along
Now added delete for real
Oh my god what year is it?!
Ok, 5am, it works.  For real.
One day I'll actually start looking at what Copilot generates instead of just immediately pushing it.
Optimized for readability. Became unreadable.
Out for vacation... DONT YOU DARE TO CALL ME.
Passed all tests (I deleted the failing ones).
Please our Lord and Savior the Great Linter.
pr is failing but merging anyways, because I am an admin
Push poorly written test can down the road another ten years
put code that worked where the code that didn't used to be
Refactored everything into a single line of code.
Refactored for performance. Now it’s fast and wrong.
Refactored into something worse but cleaner.
Refactored the technical debt into a technical bankruptcy.
Refactored vibes, not code.
Removed code. Not sure what it did, but nothing broke yet.
removed tests since i can't make them green
Senior dev told me to do this. I'm just a puppet.
should work I guess...
So my boss wanted this button ...
somebody keeps erasing my changes.
someday I gonna kill someone for this shit...
Standard human brains may not comprehend these changes.
Still can't get this right...
Thank god for Copilot
The AI made me do it.
The dog is eating my code
The last time I tried this the monkey didn't survive. Let's hope it works better this time.
The voices told me to.
Things went wrong...
This bug has driven lots of coders completely mad. You won't believe how it ended up being fixed
This bug was intentional.
This changes nothing, don't look
This code is a love letter to technical debt.
This code was written by a caffeinated squirrel.
This commit is a cry for help.
This commit is a social experiment.
This commit should not exist, yet here we are.
This is why git rebase is a horrible horrible thing.
This is why the cat shouldn't sit on my keyboard.
This Is Why We Don't Push To Production On Fridays
This was the most stupid bug in the world, fixed in the smartest way ever
To be honest, I do not quite remember everything I changed here today.
To those I leave behind, good luck!
Trust me, I'm an engineer.
Trust me, it's not badly written. It's just way above your head.
Update .env
Update .gitignore
We'll figure it out on Monday
Who has two thumbs and remembers the rudiments of his linear algebra courses? Apparently, this guy.
Who Let the Bugs Out??
WHO THE FUCK CAME UP WITH MAKE?
why is everything broken
Why The Fuck?
workaround for ant being a pile of fail
Wrote code. Not sure what language anymore.
WTF is this.
YOLO: Merging to production.
You can't see it, but I'm making a very angry face right now
You should have trusted me.
Your commit is writing checks your merge can't cash.
